hi I'm Brian van from
sportbiketrackgear.com today we're going
to do a video review on a brand new
jacket from icon for 2010 this is the
icon hooligan to jacket it is available
in a graphic series called the edge the
one we're going to cover right now is
just the stealth model solid colors
basic low going the one I have on right
now is the black 5 feet 11 inches tall
about 200 pounds of mildly athletic
build I'm wearing a size large in the
icon hooligan to jacket give you a
little 360 this jacket also includes a
full sleeve and vest quilted liner I
have the liner inside the jacket now one
thing I'd like to point out and Josh can
kind of tighten up on it the motion
panels the stretch panels they have in
this jacket when you reach for the
control as you can see those work and
notice the jacket is not really
struggling and pulling against itself on
the back the expansion panels just work
the sleeves stand place when I reach for
the controls that's a great added value
to this jacket you see both of them
working here in the back and then back
to front this jacket is a high airflow
mesh jacket meant for the hottest of hot
days okay it also comes with a full
sleeve and vest quilted liner so it's a
little bit cooler outside not cold but a
little bit cooler you can go ahead and
you throw that liner in and just kind of
take the edge off okay not a cold
weather jacket this is a hot weather
jacket I think most people to buy
something like this they may not really
use the liner very much if at all okay
you're going to ride this thing when
it's just smoking hot out so if you're
the writer in like Southern California
or Texas or something like that this
would be an absolutely incredible
summertime jacket and it offers a
tremendous amount of protection as
compared to the alternatives which may
be a t-shirt for many ok so let's face
it it's hard to ride when it's smoking
hot the hooligan to jacket fire mesh all
here in the chest back upper arms right
you have here in the high impact and
abrasion area to upgrade this jacket put
this big ballistic nylon
Pat you to protect the elbow and forearm
one of the first pots to hit the ground
and in a wreck is this this is going to
help hold the jacket together of course
ce certified armor in the elbow and
forearm as well so but that's a nice
protective upgrade right there the way
the sleeve is terminated we have a snap
when we have a zipper if you open the
zipper up you need a little more air
flow here's a mesh panel you can open
that up some air can come up in through
the sleeve work to keep you cooler metal
snap same way on both sides icon logo
here just a real basic embroidered on
icon logo across the chest right some
more stretch panels here zippered
storage pockets both sides of the jacket
they added a cool zipper pull to this
let's kind of get it off and give you
guys look from the inside out trying to
take that lying around back of the
jacket all fighter much there's the
stretch panel I showed you here is you
know kind of your embroidered on your
icon patch on the back real dialed down
this jacket by the way I'm not going to
call it the price because sometimes the
prices do change this would be in the
catalog for a few years this is a super
affordable mesh coat lot of features a
lot of benefits nice bits super
comfortable good quality so i think this
jacket itself tremendous value okay here
is our full quilted liner to remove it
when I grabbed the zipper pull here at
the face the jacket on the left side I'm
going to go ahead on the way up the side
across the back of the shoulders down on
the right side we have at the armpit on
each side a snap attachment I'm going to
go ahead and undo that and then we'll go
to the sleeves to release the sleeve
just go ahead and grab the liner pull it
out of the sleeve a little bit you're
going to find to snap attachments other
side mirror image of course
let's do the same thing let's grab it
let's pull it through and outcomes are
quilted liner I'm going to go ahead and
throw this back on give an idea of what
the large fits me like with the liner
rube because I think the reality is most
people to buy a jacket like this
hooligan to probably going to do the
overwhelming majority they're riding in
it when it's smoking hot out and you're
not going to ride with a liner on so
let's just give you an idea of how much
the liner influences the fit of this
jacket you can't tell i really like this
coat still 5 11 still about twitter
pounds liner is out liners on the floor
this thing feels so incredibly
lightweight when you've got that line
around i mean it feels great with the
liner and don't misunderstand me when
you pull the liner on this jacket I mean
it's smoking light okay very comfortably
just break down the rest of the features
benefits give you a look at the armor
nice comfortable collar comfort fabric
there we have zippered storage pocket
here left breast as with all the icon
jackets you go a little deeper inside
that zippered storage pocket on the
breast Saint Christopher medal baby
that's icons way of looking out for it's
a very cool touch they've done it with
all their jackets for a long time got a
big that for sure there's a look at the
liner on the inside the back pad that
comes in this jacket is removable and
upgradable you can upgrade their siiii
certified striker back protector let's
pull out the one that we have in here
and give you a look at it nice dual
density field armor phone back pad
offers a reasonable amount of protection
very lightweight siiii certified armor
in the shoulders elbows and forearms to
remove that undo this velcro pocket
right here in the shoulder area and will
pull out their proprietary icon field
armor here's the shoulder even idea of
what the coverage there is like
and reach inside the sleeve there's a
velcro pocket in here very similar to
the one that we just undid on the
shoulder reaching there undo that most
will probably never do this that's all
right we're to show you what it looks
like undo it helps you kind of hold the
inside of the sleeve here a little bit
there you go out it comes ce certified
icon field armor a 14 what do I think of
this jacket I think the icon who look at
two jacket all new for 2010 offers
tremendous value this thing is perfect
for someone that needs the protection
when they want a ride on the super hot
days great value sells for a great price
icon who look at your jacket from
sportbiketrackgear.com